1: It's an ugly day today.
2: I know. I think it may rain.
1: It's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.
2: That would be weird.
1: Yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
2: I know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
1: Yes, it would be.
2: I really wish it wasn't so hot every day.
1: Me too. I can't wait until winter.
2: I like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
1: I'd rather be cold than hot.
2: Me too.
1: It doesn't look very nice outside today.
2: You're right. I think it's going to rain later.
1: In the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
2: That wouldn't seem right.
1: Considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
2: Exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. It's too hot.
1: I know, you're absolutely right.
2: I wish it would cool off one day.
1: That's how I feel, I want winter to come soon.
2: I enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
1: I know what you mean, but I'd rather be cold than hot.
2: That's exactly how I feel.
1: I wish it was a nicer day today.
2: That is true. I hope it doesn't rain.
1: It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
2: It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
1: It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
2: Any rain right now would be pointless.
1: That's right, it really would be.
2: I want it to cool down some.
1: I know what you mean, I can't wait until it's winter.
2: Winter is great. I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
1: I would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
2: I feel the same way.
1: It's such a nice day.
2: Yes, it is.
1: It looks like it may rain soon.
2: Yes, and I hope that it does.
1: Why is that?
2: I really love how rain clears the air.
1: Me too. It always smells so fresh after it rains.
2: Yes, but I love the night air after it rains.
1: Really? Why is it?
2: Because you can see the stars perfectly.
1: I really hope it rains today.
2: Yeah, me too.
1: Isn't it a nice day?
2: It really is.
1: It seems that it may rain today.
2: Hopefully it will.
1: How come?
2: I like how clear the sky gets after it rains.
1: I feel the same way. It smells so good after it rains.
2: I especially love the night air when it rains.
1: Really? Why?
2: The stars look so much closer after it rains.
1: I really want it to rain today.
2: Yeah, so do I.
1: Don't you think it's nice out?
2: Yes, I think so too.
1: I think that it's going to rain.
2: I hope that it does rain.
1: You like the rain?
2: The sky looks so clean after it rains. I love it.
1: I understand. Rain does make it smell cleaner.
2: I love most how it is at night after it rains.
1: How come?
2: You can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.
1: I would love for it to rain today.
2: I would too.
1: I really want to go to the beach this weekend.
2: That sounds like fun. What's the weather going to be like?
1: I heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
2: Is it going to be perfect beach weather?
1: I believe so.
2: Good. I hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
1: I know. I really want to go to the beach.
2: But you know that California weather is really unpredictable.
1: You're right. One minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
2: I really wish the weather would just stay the same.
1: I do too. That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
2: Yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
1: I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
2: A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
1: The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
2: So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
1: It sounds like it will be.
2: I really hope it doesn't get cold.
1: That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
2: The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
1: That is true. The weather is constantly changing.
2: It would be nice if the weather would never change.
1: That would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
2: True. Predictable weather would make life easier.
1: It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.
2: What's the weather going to be like? I may want to go too.
1: The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
2: Will it be good beach weather?
1: I think it will be.
2: It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
1: I want this trip to be perfect, I hope it stays warm.
2: This California weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
1: I know. Every day the weather seems different.
2: I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
1: That would make it easier for us to make plans.
2: I know. Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like.